Add release and review/merging policies to our documentation (#779)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/contribute/policies.md

### Policy For minor changes and bugfixes

These are small changes that might be noticeable to the user, but in a way that is clearly an improvement.
They generally shouldn't touch too many lines of code.

Update the relevant tests and documentation, but PR authors are welcome to self-merge whenever they like without PR approval.

(policies:release)=

## Release policy

Our release policy describes how we decide when to make a new public release of the theme so that other projects may use new features and improvements.
It tries to balance between these goals:

- Release relatively frequently, so that we provide a continuous stream of improvement to projects that use the theme, and minimize the effort needed to upgrade.
- Do not surprise people (especially with negative surprises) and provide time for projects to provide feedback about upcoming features.
- Minimize the toil and complexity associated with releases, and reduce information silos and bottlenecks associated with them.

### Release policy guidelines

> Here are the guidelines we follow when creating new releases:
> 
> - Encourage releases whenever a maintainer feels there has been a "significant" change in the codebase. The bar for this should be relatively low.
> - Releases should be as automated as possible, and should not rely on a single person to have special permissions or credentails.
> - Use the [{guilabel}`block-release`](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3Ablock-release) label to prevent a release from happening until an issue is resolved.
> - Use [GitHub Milestones](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/milestones) to organize the issues that should be resolved as part of a new release.
> - For non-trivial improvements, try to make a `pre-release` and ask for feedback from users.

Author: ```suggestion
Here are the guidelines we follow when creating new releases:

- Encourage releases whenever a maintainer feels there has been a "significant" change in the codebase. The bar for this should be relatively low.
- Releases should be as automated as possible, and should not rely on a single person to have special permissions or credentails.
- Use the [{guilabel}`block-release`](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3Ablock-release) label to prevent a release from happening until an issue is resolved.
- Use [GitHub Milestones](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/milestones) to organize the issues that should be resolved as part of a new release.
- For non-trivial changes, **make a `release candidate`** and ask for feedback from users. This is important because we do not test much of the CSS and JavaScript-based functionality in our testing infrastructure.
- After a week or so, if there are no blocking issues that have been opened since the Release Candidate, we can make a full release.
```
